Add AutoOps for Serverless docs (#3560)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/search-tier-view-autoops-serverless.md

* Explore different **visualizations** presenting the trend of search VCU usage over time and how it compares to the performance of the search tier in terms of search rate and latency.
* View the **annotations** overlaying the search VCUs usage chart to understand when the search power and boost window changed during the selected time period and how that might have affected the autoscaling of your project (and consequently your VCU consumption). 
* Gain insights from the **performance charts** depicting search rate and search latency trends to understand why your VCU consumption might fluctuate over time. 

## Index and data stream-level insights
 
The bottom half of the screen offers a more granular breakdown table of index-level and data stream-level insights into search performance. 

:::{image} /deploy-manage/images/search-tier-breakdown-table.png
:screenshot:
:alt: Screenshot showing an expanded row in the data set table in the bottom half of the Search Tier page
:::

> Each row of the table represents a single index or data stream and provides the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each row of the table represents a single index or data stream, providing the following information:
```
(just to avoid both 'and' and 'or' in the same clause.
